## 1. Wi-Fi Networks:
A number of standards have been developed to ensure that wireless devices can communicate. They specify the RF spectrum used, data rates, how the information is transmitted, and more. The main organization responsible for the creation of wireless technical standards is the Institute of *Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE)*.

THe IEEE 802.11 standard governs the WLAN environment. 

Wi-Fi Alliance, is responsible for testing wireless LAN devices from different manufacturers. The Wi-Fi logo on a device means that this equipment meets standards and should operate with other devices that use the same standard.

## 2. Wireless Settings:

| Settings            | Description                                                                                                                                                        |
| ------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Network mode        | Determines the type of technology that must be supported. For example 802.11b, 802.11g, 802.11n or Mixed Mode.                                                     |
| Network Name (SSID) | Used to identify the WLAN. All devices that wish to participate in the WLAN must have the same SSID.                                                               |
| Standard Channel    | Specifies the channel over which communicatoin will occer. By default, this is set to Auto to allow the access point (AP) to determine the optimum channel to use. |
| SSID Broadcast      | Determines if the SSID will be broadcast to all devices within range. By default, set to Enabled.                                                                  |
***Note:** SSID stands for Service Set Identifier.*

### Bonus information:
- ***The 802.11 protocol*** can provide increased throughput based on the wireless network environment. If all wireless devices connect with the same 802.11 standard, maximum speeds can be obtained for that standard. If the access point is configured to accept only one 802.11 standard, devices that do not use the standard cannot connect to the access point.
- ***A mixed mode*** wireless network environment can include devices that use any of the existing Wi-Fi standards. This environment provides easy access for older devices that need a wireless connection but do not support the latest standards.
- The SSID is a case-sensitive, alphanumeric string that contains up to 32 characters. It is sent in the header of all frames transmitted over the WLAN. The SSID is used to tell wireless devices, called wireless stations (STAs), which WLAN they belong to and with which other devices they can communicate.